hi I'm simon of argenio we are here
tonight at rock and roll where I won
the fourth stage of fifa 13 of the IEA
football challenge
using the paris saint germain an ending
hard fought where I used 4 2
2 2 2 giving ibra and pour more into it
points where I checked it right at
ninetieth will be held at the head of
ibrahimovic
I wanted to dedicate my victory
valeria girlfriend that surely there
will be the final of san siro where vi
I wait and I wanted to remind you also that a
follow the interview there will be a video
with the gameplay of the whole final
I wait for you at San Siro
begins first half for Brazil
ball to the companions and to the opportunities
the prey version of the defense
opposing
reflexive lateral phallus
manages to defend the sphere even below
pressure gets rid of the opponent
I pass it there are center companies
with for Brazil
here he tries the shot
will be true
reaches the companion
a curtain
giulia il presidium serves to the goalkeeper
corner
here are the data referring to
ball possession of the two teams
lavezzi
occasionissima
the space for Latin
now close to counting
passes it to his companion
you have to think about stopping them
the referee sends everyone to press hot tea
0 to 0 at the end of the first 45 minutes
everything ready the referee starts the
second half of the race
Detective stories
and passed it alone at night
and it will be a corner kick
wipes out the defended ball to do
beautiful beautiful group both
goalkeepers are doing miracles today
well s faded ball lost opportunity e
have lost a bad ball goes by
head to roberto a good opportunity to
go ahead
the clutch hits the ball at the head
and a goal arrived just when less
we expected the goalkeeper was
distinguished by a series of excellent
interventions
but in the end it is due to capitulate they have
scored in the minutes of recovery and time
have practically victory in your pocket
lavezzi
ball to the partner
effective defensive intervention
elias
the defense to resolve the situation
and for the referee it may suffice